Remove inappropriate "please", minor rewording (#4249)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/install/index.md

- You can [install a stable pre-release](/doc/install/pre-release) of DVC to
  stay ahead of official releases.

> - Shell completion is automatically enabled by certain installation methods. If 
>   it does not work for you, you can refer to 
>   [these instructions](/doc/install/completion) to set it up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Shell completion is automatically enabled by certain installation methods. If
  it does not work for you, see
  [these instructions](/doc/install/completion) to set it up.
```
